when I found out that I'm gonna be on
the show Strictly Come Dancing I was
very excited but it's not at the same
time I was very nervous so I was like
okay should I should I not do it because
I know there's gonna be a lot of years
and a lot of expectations so but I'm up
for the challenge the one thing I'm
looking forward to is to really look
beautiful in the dresses and actually to
learn to dance because I think this is
one of the lifetime opportunity that you
can actually dance with a pro and you
learn the basics from bottom line and
all the spins and turns and I think this
is a girl's dream well my dance partner
is Matt so I know he had one with alesha
dixon so that was a great show they were
great team so high expectations oh the
one thing I'm nervous about it's not to
get the steps right or two to forget the
whole routine and to get the drama out I
think in one of the you know Latin
dances or yeah ballroom like to get the
Grace and the drama out of me I think
that's gonna be the mats biggest
challenge hi I'm Martina Hingis watch me
and Strictly Come Dancing this autumn on
BBC one